# Introduction

Book pages 5–11

Using Black Chrome and Night Market rules for CBK listings.

## Contents

- [Using Black Chrome](<01 Introduction.md#using-black-chrome>) (p. 6)
- [What is Black Chrome?](<01 Introduction.md#what-is-black-chrome>) (p. 6)
- [What is CBK?](<01 Introduction.md#what-is-cbk>) (p. 6)
- [What's a Night Market Again?](<01 Introduction.md#whats-a-night-market-again>) (p. 6)
- [Reading the Listings](<01 Introduction.md#reading-the-listings>) (p. 8)
- [A Bit About Keywords](<01 Introduction.md#a-bit-about-keywords>) (p. 9)
- [New Rule: Nomad Access](<01 Introduction.md#new-rule-nomad-access>) (p. 9)

---

You're Cyberpunk. You're gonna love Black Chrome.

Why? It's got everything a Cyberpunk needs. Guns, Cyberware, Gear, Vehicles. Each has been painstakingly crafted by the finest Techs to bring digital tears to your cybereyes and has been properly weighed to keep your campaign in balance. To build this treasure trove you hold in your hands we bent all the rules but broke none that didn't deserve it. With all this new chrome, Complete Package Character Generation will probably take a little longer, but it's gonna be worth it. Customization is the new black, and, as you'll notice, Black is the new Chrome.

This book isn't just full of items, it's also full of lore about those who make those items and how to get them into your hands. You'll learn about the Economy of 2045, meet some Fixers, and tour their Night Markets, fully realized with maps and ideas of what all you can find at each stall. Alongside fan-favorite Corporations, you'll notice plenty of new ones, and as you read through these items, you'll learn their stories. You should read closely; it might help you when those Corps knock down your cargo container door or contact your Fixer for a simple job. Execs, take notes! We hear they are hiring.

Take anything you want from this book. Homebrew it as you please, as is your right. Take a weapon and ponder, "what if this was a Sniper Rifle?". Take it to your Tech in-game and ask your GM (out of game) if it's possible. Cyberpunk RED is a system for builders, and Black Chrome is a book full of tools. Use them as you see fit. And make sure to check out our website for free Cyberpunk RED downloadable content when you need more. There's a QR code below.

Good Hunting,

James Hutt  
Senior Game Designer & Mayor of Balance Town

---

## Using Black Chrome

*Art by Bad Moon Art Studio*

### Getting the Most Out of This Book

What is Black Chrome? What is CBK? What's a Night Market Again? Reading the Listings. A Bit About Keywords. New Rule: Nomad Access. All covered below.

### What is Black Chrome?

Back in 1991, R. Talsorian published *Chromebook*, a catalog of gear, weapons, vehicles, fashion, cyberware, and more for the classic Cyberpunk 2020, originally created by Benjamin Wright, Mike Roter, Jeff Hexter, and the rest of the I-Con crew. It was, simply put, a book of stuff presented as an in-world catalog Edgerunners could browse to find the latest tech to insert some style and some substance into their lives.

How could we do any different with Cyberpunk RED? *Black Chrome* provides the same function, only we've updated the concept for the 2045 era. Here's the deets. The old Chromebook catalog was managed and generated by the many corporations providing goodies for the up-and-chroming punk of the 2020s. But in the wake of the 4th Corporate War blowing up the supply lines, the professionally sponsored Chromebook catalog foundered. After all, what good is a catalog full of bleeding-edge gear in a world where Fixers and Night Markets serve as your point of contact for snagging up the good swag?

Don't worry, though. Chromebook's not gone. It just evolved.

In the Time of the Red, Chromebook's like a clunky old car that slammed headlights first into a building and CBK's the shiny new supercycle climbing out of the wreckage.

### What is CBK?

CBK (pronounced Cee Book) is what you might call a Night Market companion app. Just download it to your Agent, for free, and use it to enhance your Night Market shopping experience. Outside of a Night Market, CBK doesn't do much good as all you'll get is a "searching for database" message. Once you hit a Night Market, though, you'll receive an instant inventory of what's available, information on where to go, and even options to buy items without seeing them so some doomba doesn't snipe in and grab your new favorite gun before you can make the trip from the entrance to a booth way the hell over on the other side of the warehouse.

Here's how it works. The Fixer in charge of a Night Market uses the CBK Fixer app to set up a database of item listings, inputting information like the name and description of the item, the cost, the location in the Night Market, and so forth. Fixers can input their own descriptions and add their own image to an item's listing or pick from thousands of pre-existing choices updated regularly by the fine folks behind the app. This is how CBK makes money, by the way; Fixers pay 1eb per listing to use the pre-existing info and photos (minimum 50eb). Most find the time saved makes up for the cost incurred.

Once they've got their database fully kitted out, the Fixer pushes the GO LIVE button and sets their Agent to broadcast inside the Night Market. Many Fixers buy a dedicated Agent just for this purpose since shutting down the app also shuts down the database broadcast.

Meanwhile, as the customers filter into the Night Market, they launch the CBK app on their own Agents. The app searches for a nearby, active database. Once found, it accesses the data from the Fixer's Agent and populates itself with an easily browsable listing of all the goods and services on offer. Users can scan the listings by category or search them using keywords to find items of interest. In calling up a listing, they'll be able to see a picture of the item, read (or listen) to information about it, find out how much it costs, locate its position inside the Night Market, and even purchase it. All from the comfort of their Agent.

There's additional functionality as well. Fixers can use CBK to send alerts to the Agents of Night Market customers, including announcements about flash sales, warnings about impending raids by NCPD or other hostile groups, and friendly reminders about weapon policies or future Market dates. Plus, users can send messages to any Fixer working the Night Market, asking for more information on a product or a private meeting.

### What's a Night Market Again?

*Or how these fit into your game, GMs.*

*Art by Saga MacKenzie*

We keep mentioning Night Markets (see pg. 337) and that's important. In the Time of the Red, Night Markets are the most reliable way to browse a large quantity of expensive goods in a single location. In fact, Night Markets are so important we've included six examples in this book (see pg. 131) with information on how often they're held, where they're held, what they generally sell, who runs them, and even how your own Player Character Fixer can get in on the action and take part.

Plus, there's a full-spread map of each Night Market, so you know exactly how each looks.

Here's the clever part.

When using one of the Night Markets from Black Chrome, the GM should first determine what goods it sells either randomly, using the rules from the Core Rulebook (see pg. 338), or by picking and choosing based on their own preferences and goals.

In addition to those items, there's a chance shoppers will find the specific goods listed in Black Chrome there as well. Each listing (except Apps) contains a line reading: "Pick-up or Browse at Booth @#" where @ equals a letter and # equals a number. The letter indicates one of the six specific Night Markets (see pg. 131), while the number points to a location inside as detailed on its map.

In other words, the GM can just hand over the book to their players and say, "In addition to the cyberdecks, programs, and personal electronics from the Cyberpunk RED core rulebook, you can also find any item from this book listed as being in a booth starting with the letter B."

Want to do something similar but using a Night Market you've made up? Here's some ideas. If you've got the physical book, attach one of those sticky flags made for notetaking on any item the Night Market offers. Users of the digital book might need to change it up and offer Players a list with names and page numbers so they can check their own copies.

Either way, giving the Players a chance to browse the in-world listings on their CBK app adds a fun layer of immersion you can't get from just calling out names on a spreadsheet.

> **See CP:R** means check the Cyberpunk RED core rulebook.

### Reading the Listings

Here's how to read and work with each item listing in Black Chrome (the position and arrangement of this information might change depending on the item type and listing size).

1. A photo of the item. These photos usually come from promotional images, so the actual item sold by the Night Market might vary in color, features, or condition.
2. The item's name, the manufacturing Corp (if there is one), and the initial amount of Eurobucks the Fixer is asking for.
3. The logo of the manufacturing Corp (if there is one).
4. The sales pitch. In-world info about the item often grabbed directly from press releases, advertisements, reviews, or the back of the box. Much like the image, the actual item sold by the Night Market may not be exactly what the sales pitch offers.
5. This is where we put the important information on how the item works within the rules of Cyberpunk RED. For vehicles, this includes the Nomad Access value (see pg. 9). Not all listings include rules text. Some just add flavor to the game.
6. The **Buy Now!!!** button. Users of CBK tap this to buy the item from anywhere in the Night Market. After making the purchase, they can pick it up at their leisure by showing the receipt on their Agent. Buyer beware, though! Few Fixers offer refunds.
7. Just below the Buy Now!!! button is information about where you can find the item physically in the Night Market (not present for Apps).

### A Bit About Keywords

In designing Cyberpunk RED (and this book) we made use of **Keywords**: terms with specific meaning in the rules, repeated as needed. A simple example would be "Heavy Pistol". If we say something is a "Heavy Pistol" you know the starting damage, range DVs, Rate of Fire, ammo count, and so forth based on the rules in the core rulebook. Black Chrome introduces several new Keywords. For convenience, here's a listing of them and their definitions.

**App:** A program designed to run on an Agent. It can be purchased via the CitiNet or directly from a vendor.

**Combination:** The weapon combines the features of two or more weapons. It has multiple modes, one for each weapon type. The user must decide what mode to use when attacking with the weapon (for example, either Crossbow or Rifle). Switching between modes does not require an Action. Unless stated otherwise, a malfunction/jam in one mode does not cause a malfunction/jam in the other mode.

**Continues to Halve SP When Thrown:** Unlike standard thrown weapons, divide SP by half when calculating damage to a target.

**Counts as Half of a 2 ROF Attack:** Usually assigned to a thrown weapon. When throwing the weapon, it is 2 ROF and not the usual 1, meaning the user can perform another 2 ROF Attack Check if possible.

**Cyberfinger:** A type of cyberware in the form of a finger. They require a Modular Finger Cyberhand for installation.

**Damage Directly to Their HP:** The damage is subtracted from the target's HP. Armor does not reduce it, nor is it ablated. The damage is not multiplied based on location.

**Destroyed:** The item is broken and unusable but can be repaired.

**Destroyed Beyond Repair:** The item is broken and unusable and cannot be repaired.

**Explosive:** A device that explodes. They sometimes act like Grenade or Rocket Ammunition in terms of area of effect or damage but cannot be loaded into weapons and often have special rules governing their use.

**External Linear Frame:** A linear frame worn and piloted, often using Interface Plugs.

**Incompatible with <X> Upgrade:** The upgrade in question cannot be installed in the vehicle.

**Internal Linear Frame:** A linear frame installed in the body as Cyberware.

**Personal Drone:** A drone capable of operating without a NET Architecture.

**Requires CitiNet Access:** The app or item in question will not function without a working CitiNet connection.

**With the Appearance of <X> Fashion:** The armor in question is a type of Fashion and cannot be recognized as armor without a DV13 Wardrobe and Style Check or DV15 Perception Check.

### New Rule: Nomad Access

Nomad Access is a new rule debuting in Black Chrome, designed to ensure Nomads will always have access to the coolest rides even as we introduce new vehicles to Cyberpunk RED.

Nomad Access allows a Nomad to gain access to a vehicle with Nomad Access equal to their Moto Rank or lower whenever they would add a stock vehicle to their Family Motorpool via "leveling up" their Role's Special Ability.

The vehicle comes with all listed Upgrades. These Upgrades do not require additional Ranks of Moto to install. Unless otherwise stated, additional Upgrades can be added to the vehicle as per normal when the Nomad's Moto Rank increases.

> **Example**
>
> Stephanie just increased her Nomad's Moto from Rank 4 to Rank 5. Browsing through Black Chrome, she likes the look of the Grundy, a truck that comes with armor and a combat plow standard. Better yet, the Nomad Access on it is 4, so she can grab it as her "one vehicle or upgrade" perk for leveling Moto.
>
> Later, she spends I.P. and increases her Nomad's Moto from Rank 5 to Rank 6. Deciding her Grundy needs more firepower, she chooses a Vehicle Heavy Weapons Mount (see pg. 164) as her "one vehicle or upgrade" perk. Now her Grundy has a machine gun, too. Ho ho ho!

---

### Black Chrome Sections

| Section | pg. |
|---------|-----|
| Apps | 11 |
| Cyberware | 15 |
| Fashion and Armor | 27 |
| General Goods | 39 |
| Linear Frames | 51 |
| Vehicles | 57 |
| Weapons | 85 |

*Items offered may vary in condition, appearance, and function from listing.*
